feat: rework installation page (#22)
argos-ci/docs.argos-ci.com: docs/01-Get Started/installation.mdx

---
title: Installation
id: installation
slug: /installation
sidebar_position: 2
---

import {
  CiCardImage,
  CiCardTitle,
  CiCard,
  CICardLink,
  CiCards,
  CiArrow,
  CiBody,
} from "@site/src/components/CiCard";
import GithubLogo from "@site/src/components/GithubLogo";
import TravisCiLogo from "@site/src/components/TravisCiLogo";
import CircleCiLogo from "@site/src/components/CircleCiLogo";
import githubStatus from "/img/github-status-2.png";
import githubRepoAccesses from "/img/github-repo-accesses.png";

# Get started with Argos

> The Argos CLI is the safe way to send your screenshots to Argos. It should be run by your CI after the end-to-end tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argos CLI is the safest way to send your screenshots to Argos. It should be run by your CI after the end-to-end tests.
```

This sentence is not relevant at this place, why mentioning CLI as early?

To learn more about Argos philosophy read the [Introduction](/#introduction).

## Install Argos plugin on Github

> The Argos GitHub plugin will allows Argos to authenticate repositories, mirror user accesses and update the pull request summary when visual changes need review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argos GitHub plugin allows Argos read commits, mirror user accesses and add pull-request statuses to notify about changes.
```

> To install Argos plugin you have to login to [GitHub](https://github.com/login) and activate the [Argos plugin](https://github.com/apps/argos-ci).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup Argos, [login to GitHub](https://github.com/login) and install [Argos application](https://github.com/apps/argos-ci).
```

> You can install Argos to all repositories or select specific repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose to give Argos access to all your repository or to select specific repositories. We recommend that you select only the repositories on which you want to use Argos.
```

> <img
>   src={githubRepoAccesses}
>   alt="Github repository accesses"
>   style={{ borderRadius: 8 }}
> />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img
  src={githubRepoAccess}
  alt="GitHub repository access"
  className="rounded"
/>
```

Reviewer: Add the classname in the CSS.

> Argos will be installed with the following access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argos requires following permissions:
```

- **Contents** — to find a common ancestor commit between branches
- **Statuses** — to add status on commit
- **Pull requests** — to add comment in pull requests
- **Actions** — to allow tokenless authentication

> ## Taking the screenshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Taking screenshots
```

> Argos relay on screenshots to monitor your application's UI. Use your favorite testing library ([Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/),
> [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/),
> [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/),
> etc...) to take screenshots during your end-to-end tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argos relies on screenshots to monitor your application's UI. Use your favorite testing library ([Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/),
[Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/),
[Playwright](https://playwright.dev/),
etc...) to take screenshots during your end-to-end tests.
```

> You can also use the Argos integrations to improve screenshots stability and benefit useful commands. Look at the Integrations section of this documentation to check if your stack matches one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use one of many Argos integrations to improve screenshots stability and benefit from useful commands. Give a look to [our integrations]().
```

Add a link on [Integrations section].

## Upload the screenshots

The simplest and fastest way to send screenshots to Argos is with the [Argos CLI](/argos-cli) tool.

> If the screenshots are taken during end-to-end tests running on your CI, you have to configure your CI to send screenshot to Argos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If screenshots are taken during end-to-end tests running on your CI, you have to configure your CI to send screenshots to Argos.
```

> Specific guides that cover our recommended approach to use Argos CLI on your CI :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific guides help you to setup Argos CLI on your CI:
```
